
# Plus One Dimension

We are creating 3D models of 2D maps using ai,  providing users with immersive virtual reality (VR) tours and 3d gammified simulation of properties they would like to buy or rent . The process involves the AI recognizing a 2D map and area, and setting a marker for each location. This allows the marker-based augmented reality (AR) to place objects accurately, converting the 2D model into a 3D model.

By using the 3D model generated by the AI, users can walk through their homes via the help of a 3D avatar, interacting with objects in the virtual environment. They can purchase furniture and other equipment for their homes directly via the click of a virtual button, with a purchase window opening in the virtual environment. Users can swap these elements, such as different types of faucets in a sink, to view how they would look in VR (or simulation) and make informed purchase decisions based on this experience. 

To make the technology accessible and easy to implement, we will provide an additional website and app to pair with the AR and VR experiences for the average user. We plan to apply this project to all types of properties, including houses, flats, rooms, and buildings, providing a comprehensive and engaging VR experience to all users.

Our technology also offers a unique way to view, customize, and purchase home equipment, enhancing the home buying and home-renovation experiences.


## Table of contents

1.) [WebHub](https://plus-one-dimension.web.app/)

2.) App

3.) [WebGL_Home](https://6431f6edd30591158e60813d--aquamarine-profiterole-f20a79.netlify.app/)

4.)[WebGL_GAR](https://cyberdube.github.io/Devfolio/)

5.) Changing Interiors

## How to use?

Everything as in same name as table of contents has been added to the Github Repo and you can individually download and run them by downloading zip file by going into <code> section at right corner of Repo